Is this a regular class?
This is lab, Yeah. Um,
You need to check your LMS
and do the task, whatever it is given.
So is there no,
would there be any class conducted in this session
or is it just practice session now?
It is just the task, uh, completion, um, class.
Oh, okay. Then, so it's not mandatory
to attend the session, right?
Since it's just to complete
The No, you need to finish it and upload it.
Uh, like mandatory. I don't know.
But you need to finish in this class. No,
There are some it Was not told earlier.
They said, I think we will get a week's time or something to
Complete. Yeah. It's
mentioned that 16th is the last date,
title 16th. Correct.
Okay. Okay. Okay. The TA here.
Third question. Uh, a star algorithm using the same graph
and heuristic value from the question.
Nine.
No, not, it's not nine. It's a previous
question. It's not nine.
Okay. Okay. Uh, the TA is here.
Yes. Yes. Anil. Anil is here. Or Ru
Uh, Anil sir is not there.
He is not available today.
Okay. Can you, can you just clarify, see,
uh, whether the, the, the first two second
and third question, is it, is it only a program we have
to write or we have to write it and show it?
How, how, what is the expectation?
I'll just clarify with Anil, sir and let you know, sir.
Sure, sure. Yeah. Okay.
What are the questions? Second and third?
Yes. Oops.
So I, I think we can drop off
and then complete the assignment and upload it, right?
No need to be there on the call. Is there any
Demonstration? Yeah. In case you have any doubt
you
can stay or us you can just leave.
Uh,
Actually, actually, um,
there was a communication that, uh,
some instructions will be given
about the assignment. Right,
Right, right, right. That's
the region. I thought.
Uh, just to reconfirm, can we drop the class?
Yeah. Um,
but, uh, I don't know about dropping the class.
You can, uh, drop if you want, but I don't know.
I'll just, um, ask sir once,
but if you have any queries you can ask.
That's the only query I had.
Did you get any update from, sir?
No, no. He is, uh, not available sir right now,
but if he is, uh, um, available, then I will, uh,
send you the information. Sir,
Can you, you put the message
or the update in the WhatsApp group, right?
So that we'll all be able to, uh, uh, like, uh,
Yes, sir. I, uh,
I, I'm not there in the WhatsApp,
but I'll just announce, uh, either in the Element
or WhatsApp ma'am, share with me.
I'll share with the students. Sure, sure, sure.
Just rename yourself, ma'am.
One instruction, it is given here that create a separate
document consisting of codes along with
appropriate comments and the output.
So we have to do this in notebook? No,
That is a confusion.
Uh, Rakesh. Okay.
See, for me, for in my knowledge, it should be again, uh,
IPYB Jupyter file only.
Uh, yeah, yeah. Notebook jo,
Notebook only. So
probably we'll have to 1, 2, 3, 4, do it in different,
different cells and uh, show it.
Okay. That is my thinking.
Uh, I just want a confirmation from, uh,
the TAs and professor,
Uh, yeah, yeah, yeah, sure.
Actually, please confirm on this part also.
No, if you are trying to connect, please connect soon.
There're in the call. Okay? Okay.
Sure, ma'am. Please rename yourself Ramish, please.
Yeah, ma'am. But the question paper, um, is set by Anil,
sir, so he's not available today.
Okay. So, uh, that is the problem.
Okay. Then we are, uh, assuming that we need
to do in notebook only, and, uh,
Yeah, you can do it.
Yeah. Thank you
For the question. Two, we should
implement the Python code, right?
Yes, sir. I'm confirming in next, uh, half an hour, sir.
Uh, is this for the graded, uh, uh, assignment today, right?
Yeah. Yeah. And then due is for the
next week, Saturday, right?
Yeah, yeah. It, it'll be in the next week, Saturday. Okay.
No, as per, uh, 11, the due is Tuesday. Okay.
Not next Saturday. 16th. 16th it, yeah.
Oh, 16th, is it? Okay. Yeah. Yeah. Okay.
But I think in the last week they mentioned that it'll be,
Yeah, that's what was discussed.
But as for the system, I'm saying, uh,
it was mentioned as 16.
So better target for that
Hope. I think they will
extend that one.
Uh, the only problem is that, uh, weakness, uh,
no problem if it is there, you manage.
Um, hi, I, I just, I just joined.
Uh, I want to know what is happening now.
Um, is it the time given for, uh, completing the assignment?
Uh, no. You have time till Tuesday.
Uh, so whatever the work is assigned in
the LMS, you have to do it.
Uh, okay. Malo, there is one assignment, uh,
assignment four, right?
Uh, where I think, uh, it is a combination of, uh,
programming and, uh, yeah, yeah.
Some, some questions, uh, needs to be written by hand
or, uh, typed, right?
3, 4, 5.
Yeah. Uh, yes.
Okay, fine. Thank you.
So it is to be, uh, it is to be written by hand and upload
or how it is that is not mentioned.
Yeah, it is not mentioned,
but, uh, I think, uh, for third assignment I have written
by hand because, uh, that pseudo code,
it is, uh, sometimes hard to get some characters, right?
No, no, uh, that's fine. I'm just asking you. Okay.
But this graded assessment, which is there, there today, uh,
so for that, uh, we need to make it by hand or, or
I think it's not mentioned, probably maybe no one,
Like, uh, please, uh, check with the respective, uh, uh,
person and, uh, please let us know how to submit it in order
to avoid this confusion.
Sir, I'll ask the, uh, um, questions
regarding your doubts.
Yeah. But, uh, uh, Anil sir is not available today.
So whatever your queries, uh, I'll address this in your, uh,
in your WhatsApp group.
Sure. Uh,
Ma'am, in this, uh, question number three, we are supposed
to ensure how we are getting this optimal path
that we show it in the Python code or we that we can show.
Yeah. So that second and third questions are,
uh, uh, doubtful.
So I'm asking Anil about it, so he is not available.
I will confirm those two questions in the WhatsApp group,
Okay? Okay. Thank you.
So I'm dropping off. Thank you.